h1. InventarTool

InventarTool is a ruby on rails web application for managing inventory (machines, disks etc.)

Copyright (C) 2011  Puzzle ITC GmbH www.puzzle.ch

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

h1. Features

* Manage machines (servers, notebooks) in a simple web interface.
* Manage components (disks, rams) and attach them to machines
* Authentication over LDAP
* Every change is logged, so you can see what has changed and who made these changes
* Assign machines to owners
* Manage warranty duration
* Search in all your objects, including history


h1. Requirements

* Ruby on Rails 3.0
* Knowledge of Rails for Setup
* More requirements in the Gemfile

Note: This is an apprentice project and is missing tests and review at the moment.
Take the disclaimer above seriously, it may be more than just formality.

h1. Installation and Usage Notes

# get it: @git clone git://github.com/puzzle/inventartool.git@
# set up your Rails environment
# Config your database.yml and settings.yml (LDAP)
# @bundle install@
# @rake db:migrate@
# @rails server@
# Adapt the tool to your needs
# Share your improvements!

h1. Contact Information

CopyrightHeaderTool was made by the guys at Puzzle ITC. Please go to "http://www.puzzle.ch/":http://www.puzzle.ch/ in order to get in touch with us.
